# Ruby Together board meeting summary from June 23, 2018

### Attendees and agenda
Allison, André, Coraline, Courteney, and Valerie were present. Topics for discussion included project funding, a mentorship program, documenting existing processes, and the Executive Director’s job description.

### Project Funding
We are working to improve how we fund projects, creating an explicitly documented process, and incorporating public project applications. We reviewed the first draft of a new project funding plan, and we hope to revise and improve it for approval at the next board meeting.

### Mentorship Program
We also reviewed the the first draft of a mentorship program, in which new and established Ruby developers would be paired to work together on Ruby open source. We intend to finalize that plan by the next board meeting. We were excited about what  offering a paid mentorship opportunity could do for our community and newer developers interested in contributing to open source.

### Process Documentation
Based on feedback from the community, the board has collected a list of processes which are not currently documented or explained clearly. We plan to document and explain those processes, including company structure, conflicts of interest, project selection, compensation, and others over the coming weeks.

### Executive Director Job Formalization
As Ruby Together has grown over the years, its management has become more and more of a “real” job. To ensure that job continues to be done well, the board has resolved to formally document the job of Executive Director of Ruby Together, and establish a board committee to set compensation, set performance goals, and provide regular performance reviews. The initial committee was created with the members Adarsh, Allison, Coraline, Courteney, and Valerie. Once the job description is finalized and approved by the board, the Executive Director Committee will be responsible for giving the Executive Director regular performance reviews, as well as setting compensation and performance goals.

### Pay Amount
Based on feedback, we spent time discussing and researching the current pay rate for Ruby Together project work and development. An official update and summary of this research will be posted in the board repo. 

### Fundraising Ideas
We discussed potential fundraising ideas in order to be able to support more open source projects and developers. We are in the initial phases of thinking through some of these options. They will be discussed more at the next board meeting and next steps will be determined. 

### Feedback
Thank you everyone for your thoughts and feedback and, as always, the board is willing to have additional conversations. You can reach out to us in the Ruby Together members GitHub repo, or by email at feedback@rubytogether.org.
